if you're a regular on this channel then
you're used to seeing me sitting at
exactly this desk with some stack of
books in the background with that same
poster in the same workout equipment of
the background talking to you about
veganism ecology politics my own
research on Asia my own personal and
private life my divorce my daughter my
travels around the world my experience
is growing up whatever and if you've
never seen this channel before I'll tell
you a little bit about what its what's
going on here in just a moment to but
the truth is everything you're familiar
with in this scene is about to change
because in less than a month I'm packing
up everything i own and I'm moving to
China and whatever I can't pack
including this desk and that poster is
going to go in the garbage yeah so let's
cue the intro sequence here oh and in
case you hadn't heard my channel has a
name that's impossible to pronounce and
the most people can't spell which is
turned out to be a great marketing
tactic if anybody noise Perez his name
is in maza does anybody know how to
pronounce his is youtube channel i
banished yen oh yeah do you follow that
guy I bet business care still that guy
you for the guy yes yeah no no no that
guy ah bah Luo Yin I want to say to a
pollution I don't know whether I can
pronounce
upon this yet I want to say thank you
youtube name is a badass yet which
basically means to tear down heaven I
get that name I got it she'll be honest
I really appreciate his channel but i
don't really like a lot of other new
youtubers I do really like Oh abolish
CLE but he covers a wide variety of
topics not just freaking isn't this a
distinctive thing that marks us be done
that unifies us that shows who's be
really vegan who's not is that you are
willing to face up to that truth and
witnessing that truth and admitting it
to yourself how terrible and how
terrifying it is being a witness to the
grim reality of animal agriculture a
massive scale that's what makes us vegan
that's what we have in common not
bicycles not between not yoga not even
you know your food preferences
place right he's right is these bike
really right I subscribe to him but be
prepared to really feel like you shoot a
stage and skill for longer I can't brand
name hey what's up so the simple
question you have has a pretty
complicated answer why am I starting up
a patreon channel why am I starting up a
patreon channel now so patreon unlike
YouTube is not free you have to donate
something to come and see me there why
would I do that now especially given
that I've never monetized my youtube
presence the answer is actually that I'm
not doing fundraising what I am doing is
packing up and moving to china in less
than one month now i will be living in
china there's a wikipedia page called
list of websites blocked in china all
the websites i currently rely on to stay
in touch with the outside world are
blocked in china i will not be able to
use my blog because my blog is on my
google all google based websites are
banned in china i will not be able to
use youtube youtube is blocked in china
i would not be able to use twitter or
facebook or many of the obvious
alternatives that are out there however
if you check that wikipedia page the
list of websites blocked in china
patreon is not on their patreon
apparently is not blocked or not banned
in china so patreon will be an
opportunity for me to keep in touch with
the people who have come to my youtube
channel the people who know me in the
internet either because my work on asian
languages buddhism history politics or
of course veganism the vast majority of
people are interested in hearing my
voice on the internet know me as a voice
for and about veganism animal rights
ecology naturally enough that's a large
percentage of what I've been talking
about but of course my internet presence
now in the future will also continue to
reflect whatever is going on in my real
life my research my humanitarian
interests my political interests even my
economic interests and of course the
languages i'm studying
moving to China now in some ways should
be a very intellectually stimulating
period of my life it should be
interesting both in ways I can
anticipate and in ways i cannot possibly
anticipate I have lived in China before
I have experience doing research in
Yunnan in Laos and Thailand etc it seems
that my life will be back and forth
between kunming and Thailand via Laos
all places i'm familiar with i will be a
student of the chinese language learning
chinese but i will also be a professor
working in a very unusual university
that has some unique advantages that are
very interesting warning for me
personally it's a university that
actively reaches out to it helps
indigenous ethnic minorities I've been
involved with ethnic minority languages
politics history etc in Yunnan in the
past in Laos in Cambodia that's been a
major area of interest for me in Asia
but it's also been an area of interest
for me in Canada where I tried to work
on the Kree in a jib way I used to
actually be a student First Nations
University long story that side of it is
rewarding for me the university i'll be
working at also is very very unusual
very rare in taking Southeast Asian
languages seriously so they will study
and teach languages like cambodian Thai
and Lao incredibly rare in the whole
world very few universities do that
within China very few universities do
that so this is potentially a year of my
life in which I'm going to exercise you
know some of my own areas of interest of
expertise in which hopefully I get to
really grow a lot as a human being now
there are disadvantages when I'm
teaching there I will be teaching
English in formal University classes I'm
told will have 40 students in a class
will be university lectures on the
English language that's where my money
will come from people are not paying me
to learn Chinese or paying me to learn
the other things I may learn fine and I
will be paid about 850 US dollars per
month 850 US dollars these are really
third-world wages I hope that is enough
for me to survive on in kunming china it
is obviously not enough to be
saving up money it is not enough for me
to be buying airplane tickets to fly
back and forth to France it's not enough
for all kinds of other things in life
but I mean the point is this is a real
educational opportunity and I'm making a
short-term economic sacrifice in order
to embrace it in many ways I think in
this one year I will have the
opportunity to learn much more than I
would in one year of an MA program or
one year of a ph.d program in a formal
Western academic setting so in some ways
this is a very positive opportunity my
life in some ways both short-term and
long-term it's worrying so what I'm
doing on patreon I'm not asking you to
donate the maximum possible I would
encourage you to donate the minimum if
the minimum is one dollar donate one
dollar what can I offer on patreon well
for one thing any time and energy have
to put into the internet once i'm in
china will have to go through patreon
there's no other way for me to upload
content i can't use youtube i can t
these are the things i should be able to
upload video to independent video sites
within China and then to share that
video with the West via patreon that
should work at an absolute minimum I'll
be able to upload audio podcasts and to
make blogs through patreon because
patreon host that data itself but there
are chinese video platforms and i should
be able to make new video available
there obviously i'm going to continue to
be engaged with and agonize about issues
of veganism ecology related political
concerns and a lot of you want to come
along with me for that ride a lot of you
wanted to stay in touch with me and I
know because I've had hundreds of really
wonderful people send me email and I'd
like to stay in touch to you guys also
optimistically I don't know but I would
hope that patreon also can be a
crossroads for you guys to meet one
another because what my youtube channel
has attracted is in some ways the most
talented minority within veganism the
people who are willing to ask the tough
questions and the people who really are
motivated to try to find answers to what
is effective activism how can we make a
the difference in the world now and
Brooke once I watched the entire video
and I heard this guy's arguments I could
see where I was coming from he made some
really salient points and that's what I
like about this guy he really forces you
to think about your default position
forces you to examine currently held
paradigms and I mean one of the things I
love about his name a bet a vassal seal
is the whole ideology behind that name
is apparently if it means tearing down
the sky this take no prisoners mentality
where you simply just tear everything
down you don't care about aligning
yourself with any ideology you're here
to shake things up and that's what I
like to do that's what I try to do on my
podcast